static/corpora_description.md, before:

##### Foreign Relations of the United States (frus)
Foreign Relations of the United States, colloquially known as FRUS, is published by the Office of the Historian of the State Department and represents the official diplomatic history of the United States. It consists of over 540 volumes containing official documents from various government agencies, personal papers of Presidents and other key diplomatic players, transcripts of recorded telephone conversations, and, in more recent volumes, declassified documents. The collection spans an extended period, with volumes beginning in 1861 and continuing through 2024.

Our processed corpus contains both historical documents and their associated editorial notes. All historical documents in FRUS are associated with a date or date range, but some of the documents in our corpus are missing dates.

##### State Department Central Foreign Policy Files (cfpf)
Increasingly overburdened with the sheer number of diplomatic telegrams and cables, the State Department began to digitize its communications in the early 1970s. Our processed collection of these cables comes from the Central Foreign Policy Files at the National Archives, and includes cables, records of cables withdrawn for classification reasons, and so-called “P-Reel” records corresponding to communications sent physically via diplomatic pouch. We currently hold all available digital records from this collection, which spans 1973-1979. Read more about the collection and how we ingested it [here](http://history-lab.org/cables).

##### US Declassified Documents Online (ddo)
DDO is a commercially-available collection of previously declassified documents that is maintained by [Gale Cengage](https://www.gale.com/c/us-declassified-documents-online), who generously loaned us their data for research purposes. It comprises over 117k documents that have been hand-curated and digitized by a team of experts, and it mostly covers the post-WWII period. Read more about DDO [here](http://history-lab.org/ddo).

##### Kissinger Telephone Conversations (kisssinger)
The Kissinger collection is a series that comes to us from the State Department’s FOIA Reading Room. It is made up of transcriptions of recorded phone conversations involving Henry Kissinger, from 1973 to 1976, which includes part his tenure as Secretary of State. The collection includes nearly five thousand individual conversations throughout the covered period. Read more about the Kissinger collection [here](http://history-lab.org/kissinger).

##### Clinton E-Mail (clinton)
The Clinton E-Mail collection consists of 54,149 individual messages covering her tenure as Secretary of State from 2009 to 2012. They touch on important moments in contemporary US foreign policy, like Clinton’s response to Wikileaks, the Arab Spring, and negotiations with Iran. You can pull up individual e-mail, or view the original pdfs showing the series of messages to which it belongs, as well as the parts that officials decided to redact. Read more about the collection and how we processed it [here](http://history-lab.org/clinton).

##### UK Cabinet Papers (cabinet)
The UK Cabinet Papers collection is comprised of 42,539 documents spanning most of the 20th century. These are the official records of the most important decision-making body within the United Kingdom. The documents cover a range of topics, from the world wars and international security, to empire and decolonization, to the welfare state and the domestic economy. The collection is predominantly divided into conclusions and memoranda from 1907 to 1990.

##### Azeredo da Silveira Papers (cpdoc)
The Azeredo da Silveira collection is comprised of the personal papers of the Brazilian foreign minister during the presidency of Ernesto Geisel. The collection contains 10,279 digitized documents which include letters, memos, and other correspondence. Themes in the collection range from international governance, to nuclear issues, to US-Brazilian relations. The collection further enriches History Lab’s primary source coverage of the 1970s, with documents spanning 1974 to 1979. The papers are provided to us by The Center for Research and Documentation of the Contemporary History of Brazil (CPDOC ) at Fundação Getulio Vargas (FGV), where the original paper documents are housed. Note that OCR results are not optimal for some documents, especially those that were hand-written. We therefore provide links to the CPDOC site that features the original pdfs. Read more about the collection [here](http://history-lab.org/cpdoc).

##### World Bank McNamara Records (World Bank)
The records of [Robert Strange McNamara](https://www.worldbank.org/en/archive/history/past-presidents/robert-strange-mcnamara) were offered to us by the [World Bank Group Archives](https://www.worldbank.org/en/archive/home). Robert S. McNamara served as President of the World Bank for 13 years, from 1968 to 1981. Over the course of his presidency, McNamara brought considerable change to all aspects of Bank operations. In addition to the dramatic increase in the volume of loans, he refocused Bank lending to go beyond infrastructure to basic human needs and poverty reduction. The Bank diversified into sectors such as rural development, family planning and pollution control, which were previously overlooked by both the Bank and the development community. The Bank also began to play a more active and, at times, critical role in many developing economies. The records provide a very full account of his long and active presidency. They span the entirety of McNamara’s presidency and consist of speeches, daily schedules, travel briefings, minutes of meetings, correspondence and other records. Read more here.

##### CIA CREST
TBA

##### UN Archives
TBA

##### NATO Archives
TBA

Commit message:

Added description of NATO Archives

static/corpora_description.md, after:

##### Foreign Relations of the United States (frus)
Foreign Relations of the United States, colloquially known as FRUS, is published by the Office of the Historian of the State Department and represents the official diplomatic history of the United States. It consists of over 540 volumes containing official documents from various government agencies, personal papers of Presidents and other key diplomatic players, transcripts of recorded telephone conversations, and, in more recent volumes, declassified documents. The collection spans an extended period, with volumes beginning in 1861 and continuing through 2024.

Our processed corpus contains both historical documents and their associated editorial notes. All historical documents in FRUS are associated with a date or date range, but some of the documents in our corpus are missing dates.

##### State Department Central Foreign Policy Files (cfpf)
Increasingly overburdened with the sheer number of diplomatic telegrams and cables, the State Department began to digitize its communications in the early 1970s. Our processed collection of these cables comes from the Central Foreign Policy Files at the National Archives, and includes cables, records of cables withdrawn for classification reasons, and so-called “P-Reel” records corresponding to communications sent physically via diplomatic pouch. We currently hold all available digital records from this collection, which spans 1973-1979. Read more about the collection and how we ingested it [here](http://history-lab.org/cables).

##### US Declassified Documents Online (ddo)
DDO is a commercially-available collection of previously declassified documents that is maintained by [Gale Cengage](https://www.gale.com/c/us-declassified-documents-online), who generously loaned us their data for research purposes. It comprises over 117k documents that have been hand-curated and digitized by a team of experts, and it mostly covers the post-WWII period. Read more about DDO [here](http://history-lab.org/ddo).

##### Kissinger Telephone Conversations (kisssinger)
The Kissinger collection is a series that comes to us from the State Department’s FOIA Reading Room. It is made up of transcriptions of recorded phone conversations involving Henry Kissinger, from 1973 to 1976, which includes part his tenure as Secretary of State. The collection includes nearly five thousand individual conversations throughout the covered period. Read more about the Kissinger collection [here](http://history-lab.org/kissinger).

##### Clinton E-Mail (clinton)
The Clinton E-Mail collection consists of 54,149 individual messages covering her tenure as Secretary of State from 2009 to 2012. They touch on important moments in contemporary US foreign policy, like Clinton’s response to Wikileaks, the Arab Spring, and negotiations with Iran. You can pull up individual e-mail, or view the original pdfs showing the series of messages to which it belongs, as well as the parts that officials decided to redact. Read more about the collection and how we processed it [here](http://history-lab.org/clinton).

##### UK Cabinet Papers (cabinet)
The UK Cabinet Papers collection is comprised of 42,539 documents spanning most of the 20th century. These are the official records of the most important decision-making body within the United Kingdom. The documents cover a range of topics, from the world wars and international security, to empire and decolonization, to the welfare state and the domestic economy. The collection is predominantly divided into conclusions and memoranda from 1907 to 1990.

##### Azeredo da Silveira Papers (cpdoc)
The Azeredo da Silveira collection is comprised of the personal papers of the Brazilian foreign minister during the presidency of Ernesto Geisel. The collection contains 10,279 digitized documents which include letters, memos, and other correspondence. Themes in the collection range from international governance, to nuclear issues, to US-Brazilian relations. The collection further enriches History Lab’s primary source coverage of the 1970s, with documents spanning 1974 to 1979. The papers are provided to us by The Center for Research and Documentation of the Contemporary History of Brazil (CPDOC ) at Fundação Getulio Vargas (FGV), where the original paper documents are housed. Note that OCR results are not optimal for some documents, especially those that were hand-written. We therefore provide links to the CPDOC site that features the original pdfs. Read more about the collection [here](http://history-lab.org/cpdoc).

##### World Bank McNamara Records (World Bank)
The records of [Robert Strange McNamara](https://www.worldbank.org/en/archive/history/past-presidents/robert-strange-mcnamara) were offered to us by the [World Bank Group Archives](https://www.worldbank.org/en/archive/home). Robert S. McNamara served as President of the World Bank for 13 years, from 1968 to 1981. Over the course of his presidency, McNamara brought considerable change to all aspects of Bank operations. In addition to the dramatic increase in the volume of loans, he refocused Bank lending to go beyond infrastructure to basic human needs and poverty reduction. The Bank diversified into sectors such as rural development, family planning and pollution control, which were previously overlooked by both the Bank and the development community. The Bank also began to play a more active and, at times, critical role in many developing economies. The records provide a very full account of his long and active presidency. They span the entirety of McNamara’s presidency and consist of speeches, daily schedules, travel briefings, minutes of meetings, correspondence and other records. Read more here.

##### CIA CREST
TBA

##### UN Archives
TBA

##### NATO Archives
Through an agreement with the [NATO Archives](https://www.nato.int/archives), the FOIArchive has access to 46,002 documents, comprising 281,963 pages, issued by the NATO International Staff and the Military Authorities between 1949 and 1984.
